Add E2E startup instructions (#11137)
DataDog/integrations-core: weblogic/tests/README.md

# WebLogic Dev Readme

> ## DDev E2E

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ddev E2E
```
nit

> If you are spinning up a E2E for WebLogic for the first time, you will need to go to the Oracle Container Registry to accept the Oracle Standard Terms and Restrictions before you can successfully pull the image from the registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are spinning up a E2E environment for WebLogic for the first time, you will need to go to the Oracle Container Registry to accept the Oracle Standard Terms and Restrictions before you can successfully pull the image from the registry. 
```

> 1. Login to your account on https://container-registry.oracle.com

Reviewer 2: Is this a datadog account?

Author: It can be your personal Oracle account or a Datadog Oracle account (not Datadog SSO). I'll add a note about creating an Oracle account if that's desired.

# WebLogic Dev Readme

## ddev E2E
If you are spinning up a E2E environment for WebLogic for the first time, you will need to go to the Oracle Container Registry and accept the Oracle Standard Terms and Restrictions before you can successfully pull the image from the registry.

> 1. Login to your Oracle account on https://container-registry.oracle.com (or create an account if you do not have one)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Log into your Oracle account on https://container-registry.oracle.com (or create an account if you do not have one).
```

2. Search for "WebLogic" and click the `weblogic` repository. 

> 3. Follow the instructions to sign the License Agreement. The prompt is located on the right-hand side of the Oracle WebLogic Server repository page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Follow the instructions to sign the License Agreement. The prompt is located on the right side of the Oracle WebLogic Server repository page.
```

> 4. On your machine, run this command to authenticate against the Oracle Container Registry and enter your Oracle credentials:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. On your machine, run the following command to authenticate against the Oracle Container Registry and then enter your Oracle credentials:
```

   
    ```
    docker login container-registry.oracle.com
    ```

> Now, you should be able to use `ddev` to start the WebLogic E2E environment. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use `ddev` to start the WebLogic E2E environment. 
```

> Detailed Instructions for using the Oracle Container Registry are located [here](https://docs.oracle.com/en/operating-systems/oracle-linux/docker/docker-registry.html#docker-ocr-login). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [detailed instructions](https://docs.oracle.com/en/operating-systems/oracle-linux/docker/docker-registry.html#docker-ocr-login) for using the Oracle Container Registry. 
```

## Accessing the Admin Console UI

> 1. Navigate to http://localhost:7001/console in your browser

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to http://localhost:7001/console in your browser.
```

> 2. Login credentials are located [here](./compose/weblogic/properties/docker-build/domain_security.properties).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. See [login credentials](./compose/weblogic/properties/docker-build/domain_security.properties).
```
